# CS230_FinalProject

  I was tasked with turning a mobile game called, Draw It or Lose It, developed by the company, The Gaming Room, into a multiplatform application. After a successful mobile launch, the company looked to capitalize on their momentum and expand the reach of their product. Found within software design document are recommendations to The Gaming Room on operating platforms, security measures, suggestion for cloud providers, as well as memory and storage management techniques. Personally, I feel that I outlined requirements and design constraints in a thorough and insightful manner. Additionally, I feel confident in my security suggestions section highlighting things such as encryption methods and firewall usage to secure their new multi-platform application. While working through the design document, I found the usage of UML diagrams to be helpful in giving an overview of how the application functions. having that big-picture diagram aided immensely in navigating the codebase early in the development process. One section in which I would like to expand on would be the reccomendations section - specifically the operating polatform and operating system architecture bullet points. I would like to delve deeper into why my selections are the correct ones and be able to further convince readers of that. 
  
  Through a mixture of listening to The Gaming Room's requirements and previous knowledge of developing multi-platform applications I was able to effectively interpret users needs and implement them into my design document. With a product like video games user satisfaction is everything. Users do not consistently play unresponsive, dysfunctional games. In order to retain their current client base and successfully expand The Gaming Room has to ensure that it is keeping currrent/future clients happy. In terms of the software design process, it was mostly a top-down approach. It began by thinking about what the application would need to implement, then it proceeded to provide suggestions on how to fulfill them. I think this approach minimizes bottlenecks in the development process by proactively outlining application needs early in the process. This will certainly be a favored strategy of mine going forward which I feel will undoubtedly reduce potential roadblocks.

